docs: v2 upgrading instructions (#51)
atomone-hub/atomone: UPGRADING.md

Neither core developers nor core funding entities control the governance.

## Upgrade date

The date/time of the upgrade is subject to change as blocks are not generated
at a constant interval. You can stay up-to-date by checking the estimated
estimated time until the block is produced one of the block explorers (e.g.
https://www.mintscan.io/atomone/blocks/`UPGRADE_HEIGHT`).

## Preparing for the upgrade

### System requirements

### Backups

Prior to the upgrade, validators are encouraged to take a full data snapshot.
Snapshotting depends heavily on infrastructure, but generally this can be done
by backing up the `.atomone` directory.
If you use Cosmovisor to upgrade, by default, Cosmovisor will backup your data
upon upgrade. See below [upgrade using cosmovisor](#method-ii-upgrade-using-cosmovisor)
section.

It is critically important for validator operators to back-up the
`.atomone/data/priv_validator_state.json` file after stopping the atomoned
process. This file is updated every block as your validator participates in
consensus rounds. It is a critical file needed to prevent double-signing, in
case the upgrade fails and the previous chain needs to be restarted.

### Testing

> XXX UPDATE?

Reviewer: Let's revisit as we make plans to run a testnet. May be worth removing the text from this section so we can unblock this PR (and update later) or wait until we have a clearer picture

Author: Ok for addressing that later and not block this PR, I removed that section [4f21380](https://github.com/atomone-hub/atomone/pull/51/commits/4f213805e5e8f5d8300e8733b2a288450083b7f5)

cosmovisor version
# cosmovisor version: v1.5.0
```

- Create a `cosmovisor` folder inside `$ATOMONE_HOME` and move AtomOne `v1.0.0`
into `$ATOMONE_HOME/cosmovisor/genesis/bin`:

```shell
mkdir -p $ATOMONE_HOME/cosmovisor/genesis/bin
cp $(which atomoned) $ATOMONE_HOME/cosmovisor/genesis/bin
```

- Build AtomOne `v2.0.0`, and move atomoned `v2.0.0` to
  `$ATOMONE_HOME/cosmovisor/upgrades/v2/bin`

```shell
mkdir -p  $ATOMONE_HOME/cosmovisor/upgrades/v2/bin
cp $(which atomoned) $ATOMONE_HOME/cosmovisor/upgrades/v2/bin
```

At this moment, you should have the following structure:

```shell
.
├── current -> genesis or upgrades/<name>
├── genesis
│   └── bin
│       └── atomoned  # old: v1.0.0
└── upgrades
    └── v2
        └── bin
            └── atomoned  # new: v2.0.0
```

- Export the environmental variables:

```shell
export DAEMON_NAME=atomoned
# please change to your own gaia home dir
# please note `DAEMON_HOME` has to be absolute path
export DAEMON_HOME=$ATOMONE_HOME
export DAEMON_RESTART_AFTER_UPGRADE=true
```

- Start the node:

```shell
cosmovisor run start --x-crisis-skip-assert-invariants --home $DAEMON_HOME
```

XXX NOTE: keep that sentence ??

> Skipping the invariant checks is strongly encouraged since it decreases the
> upgrade time significantly and since there are some other improvements coming
> to the crisis module in the next release of the Cosmos SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skipping the invariant checks can be used to decreases the
upgrade time significantly, but it is done at the expense of
verifying state validity and must be done cautiously.
```
